1. Update Background Image for All Sections (Client-Facing UI)
Goal:
Allow the user to update the background image for all sections of the client-facing UI via the design settings in the admin dashboard. The process should mirror the functionality of the current method used for updating the hero section background image.

Changes:
Backend:
Integrate functionality into the admin dashboard for uploading background images for all sections.
Extend the existing logic used to update the hero section background to be reusable for other sections. Each section should have a designated background image field.
Frontend:
Each section in the client-facing UI should be able to receive and display the background image dynamically.
Ensure each section (header, main content, footer, etc.) has a placeholder for the background image.
Design Settings in Admin Dashboard:
Add a UI component (file upload or URL input) in the admin panel for each section to select/upload a background image.
Include options for resizing or cropping the image as needed.
Functionality:
The background image for each section should automatically apply once uploaded or updated in the admin dashboard.
Provide a default fallback image in case a specific section's background image is not set.
2. Scalable Design Across Devices
Goal:
Ensure the website scales properly across various display sizes, maintaining balance and usability on mobile, tablet, and desktop devices.

Changes:
CSS Media Queries:
Implement responsive design using CSS media queries to ensure the layout adapts to different screen sizes.
Key breakpoints to consider: 320px, 480px, 768px, 1024px, and 1280px (adjust based on your audience's devices).
Flexible Layouts:
Use flexible grid systems, percentages, or flexbox to create fluid layouts that scale across devices.
Ensure content (images, text, buttons, etc.) remains proportionate and does not break or overflow on smaller screens.
Testing:
Test on various devices and browsers (using tools like Chrome DevTools) to ensure consistency.
3. Mobile Burger Menu Customization
Goal:
Customize the burger menu on mobile to ensure it is visible on any background and allow for color customization from the admin dashboard.

Changes:
Burger Menu Color:

Default color for the burger menu will be set to white (#FFFFFF) to ensure visibility on any background.
Provide an option in the design settings of the admin dashboard to edit the burger menu color, which should be applied globally across the site’s mobile view.
Admin Dashboard Settings:

Add a color picker UI component in the admin dashboard for the burger menu, allowing the admin to select a custom color.
Ensure the selected color is reflected in the CSS and can be updated without requiring code changes.
CSS Adjustments:

Modify the CSS of the burger menu to ensure that the menu icon color is dynamically updated based on the value set in the admin dashboard.
Example:
css
Copy
Edit
.burger-menu {
  color: var(--burger-menu-color, #FFFFFF); /* Default white if no color set */
}
Mobile Responsiveness:

Ensure the burger menu remains in the top right corner on all mobile devices, scaling appropriately based on the viewport size.
4. Additional Notes:
Fallbacks and Accessibility:
Ensure that fallback mechanisms are in place for images in case of slow loading or broken links.
Accessibility: Ensure that the burger menu is accessible (e.g., keyboard navigation, screen readers).
Testing:
Thoroughly test on both desktop and mobile versions to ensure background images display correctly, the layout remains responsive, and the burger menu color is customizable and visible.